			  Questionnaire for

		 Harvard Extension School CSCI E-92:
		   Principles of Operating Systems

			      Fall 2015


Name:	Shashank Kalmane	Home phone number: 979-229-5733


E-mail: skalmane@outlook.com	Work phone number: 979-229-5733


Occupation (If an undergraduate student, please specify your major and
year and at which school; If a graduate student, please specify your
department, field, and year and at which school):
            Software Developer

Have you taken CSCI E-10a (Formerly CSCI E-50a), CSCI E-10b (Formerly
CSCI E-50b), CSCI E-22 (Formerly CSCI E-119), and/or CSCI E-28
(Formerly CSCI E-215) (specify which)?
          No.

Do you have experience using Unix?  Do you have experience programming
using Unix system calls?
      Yes. As a software developer, I work primarily in Linux.
	If not, how do you meet the prerequisite?


Are you already registered for this class?  -- If not, do you intend
to register?
   Yes.

Are you taking the course for graduate credit?
    Yes.

If section cannot be held on Tuesday evening, on which other evening
would you prefer section be held?  Circle preferred evenings.

        Monday   Wecdnesday   Thursday

What appropriate course or work experience do you have?
     I have taken the course CSCI E-98 and CSCI E-92 at Harvard Extension
     School.
     I also work full-time in C++ as a Developer

What is your math background?
     I have taken Graduate Level Math courses as part of Master's Degree in
     Electrical Engineering

What computer languages do you know (please include assembler and
high-level languages)?  Have you programmed in the C Programming
Language?
        I have experience with C, Java, C++ and Python

What operating systems have you used (e.g. Windows, Mac OS, Linux, etc.)?
     Linux and Windows

What computers have you used (i.e., which machine language instruction sets)?
     Have become familiar with the MIPS instruction set as part of CSCI E-98

Why are you taking the course?
    To get a good understanding about how operating systems function. I also
    hope to take away some knowledge about how concurrency and multi-threading
    works in Systems.

If the class needs to be rescheduled, is Thursday evening acceptable?


Other comments (please continue on the back):
